the following takes place between
episode 2 and episode 4
I'm gonna go take out the chapter beam
you guys go do your thing okay me and
Chewbacca we'll go get our lunch and you
two droids come with us break
hmm Oh God two towers in this place and
I picked the wrong one huh what's this
hmm oh yeah
Luke why still wearing that orange suit
we're not in hof anymore because I look
fabulous ins and Falcao iris queer okay
you to go to control room we'll get the
pizza oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god excuse me um excuse me yes
where'd you get that sweet white suit I
want one it is pretty cool isn't it yeah
want to trade copy that
ah some I feel full also okay well I
gotta go now hey hon mmm
whoo I'm a star chipper let's go
normal morning okay we're in let's get
out of these costumes
there it is the incredible pizza soon to
be our lunch I know just how we're going
to get it ha Vader ob1 we meet again the
storm all will cool do do do do this has
to be the famous lightsaber duel I have
ever seen it's not lame it's oh no all
profits go towards the ginger foundation
ginger kids help find a cure
you